= ComfortableMexicanLoveseat

The Comfortable Mexican Loveseat is an expansion pack to the Comfortable Mexican Sofa. It currently contains minor modifications to the <tt>snippet.rb</tt> and <tt>base_controller.rb</tt> files, improved sitemap functionality, and SEO-enhancing modifications.

The Loveseat references a fixed version of the CMS (currently 1.12.8) and latest releases are pulled in occasionally.

== Installation

The Loveseat is currently installed through the {foxinator-generator}[https://github.com/HitFox/foxinator-generator]

== Features
====== NOTE: When you are adding new models and/or controllers and links are not showing up, do not forget to click the "Sync" button!

=== Comment Mailer

To configure the comment mailer, add this line to <tt>config/initializers/comfortable_mexican_sofa.rb</tt>

  config.from_email = an@example.com


=== Simplified Fixture Import/Export

When you want to import fixtures you can now use the following commands:

  rake cms:import # imports from all folders and automatically creates matching sites if they don't exist
  rake cms:import FROM=somewhere # automatically imports to somewhere
  rake cms:import FROM=somewhere TO=something LOCALE=de #lets you set the locale for the site

  rake cms:export
  rake cms:export FROM=somewhere
  rake cms:export FROM=somewhere TO=something LOCALE=de

=== SEO Features

==== Custom Sitemaps

Building on the Sofa's sitemap functionality, the Loveseat lets you add Rails model show pages and custom routes to the sitemap.

To use it, please copy and customize the demo initializer located in <tt>templates/comfortable_mexican_loveseat.rb</tt> and in your <tt>routes.rb</tt> file make sure you have this line:

  comfy_route :cms, :path => '/', :sitemap => true

Then replace your <tt>robots.txt</tt> file with the one in the templates folder.

==== URL Redirection

By default when using the Loveseat, all trailing slash URLs ('myapp.com/example/') are redirected to a non-trailing slash URL.

==== Page Meta Tags

By default when you create an application, it comes with meta description; page title; index; canonical link; and Social Media (Google+, Facebook, and Twitter) fields that can be filled in on a per-page basis. To display these tags, add this to your <tt>application.html.erb</tt>:

  <title><%= comfy_page_title %></title>
  <%= comfy_seo_tags %>

Tags are set on a per-page basis, except for canonical links, which default to the page URL if none has been entered manually.

=== File Upload helper text

The Loveseat provides some helpful hints to admins when they're uploading images (choose an SEO-friendly name, add an alt-tag), which you can add to your locale files.

  images_need_seo_friendly_names
  files_alt_tag

=== Styled login page

There is a more styled version of the CMS login page in the templates/devise folder.

= Changelog

